Where did the dog come from?
Do you have a say here?
Liu Zhen is my man
You dare to hit even my people
Jie Shao, you can touch my people
I can't touch your people
Is that what you mean?
Xiong Le and Jie Shao actually quarreled
Yes, although this Lord Xiong is the Emperor of Tianhai Underground
But Mr. Jie is also from the capital and his wealth is extraordinary
What did this bear do?
Did you hear what they said?
How dare you talk to me like that!
Sure you told me to go
shut up
What right does your trash have to say that to me?
Today, you are the king if you are rich and powerful in this car.
You don't even have a backstage
What you said is that there is no guarantee, you can only block it.
I understand who said there is no insurance
Why is this kid yours too?
Not really.
I'm not your man, how dare you meddle in my business
Mr. Wan, you are not mine
But Mr. Wan is my guest of honor
I'll put it there today
Whoever moves him will die